this car body seems feeling operation
utilizes 4m 710 I see 20 L robots to
overhead mounted M 710 I see 50 robots
for hood and deck opening and one over
head mounted m20 ia robot
for vision processing of the roof ditch
ceiling
Fanuc robotics integrated vision system
takes pictures of the vehicle location
and sends offsets to the fanuc M 710 IC
20 l robots that apply sealer to the
metal joints of the car interior to
prevent water leaks
you
after the car body is in place the fanuc
and 7:10 I see 50 robots open the hood
and trunk of the car body
while the operation is in progress the
side-mounted m20 i a robot with Vanek IR
vision
moves over the top of the car to locate
the roof ditch scene for robotic
application of sealer
you
the m7 10 I see 20 L robots use rail
mounts to maximize their reach while
applying sealer to the various scenes of
the car body
you
after the sealer has been applied the
side mount M 710 I see robots close the
hood and trunk and the car body moves on
to the next sealant application self